readme clarification (#5736)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/doro67/multi/readme.md

65% custom keyboard made by 80ultraman/Alf/Backprop Studios with multiple layout support. Despite the layout options available, layout is dictated by the selected integrated plate.  

> **THIS IS THE KEYMAP DIRECTORY FOR NON-CHINA BUYERS**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**THIS IS THE MULTI-LAYOUT PCB DIRECTORY FOR NON-CHINA BUYERS**
```

Reviewer 2: Non China buyers sounds like if you're not Chinese you can use this lol. 

Maybe

```suggestion
**MULTI-LAYOUT PCB (AVAILABILITY: CHINA + INTERNATIONAL GB)**
```
